How long has Choi Moon-koo been gone?
They should still be at the gate.
Excuse me.
Madam, what else can I do for you?
I’m flattered.
I didn't entertain you well last night.
I'm really sorry.
I'm here to see you off.
No.
You’re welcome.
Any news about Miss Shangguan?
This is why I came to you.
You said you would help me find my daughter.
I refused your kindness.
I didn't know what's good for me.
I want to ask you
what you said yesterday
Does it still count today?
Of course.
I'll do my best.
Brigade Commander Cui has always been straightforward.
Please forgive me.
Guards!
Remove their guns.
What do you mean?
Shangguan Ying was caught in Shanzhou.
How did you know?
You shot us.
I think our army offended you.
Based on the time Ms. Shangguan went missing,
the longest distance we can go is Shanzhou.
Other than Brigade Commander Cui's independent Brigade in Shanzhou,
is Zhang Gongyan's 16th Division.
Brigade Commander Cui is on the mountain.
It must be Zhang Gong Yan.
Exactly.
Do you know
what we should do next?
You want to exchange us for Shangguan Eagle?
Major Cai is really smart.
But Madam,
Zhang Gong Yan is a man of his word.
and greedy.
If you take both of us,
it'll look like a deal.
It's easy to get caught.
It takes a lot of effort
at the same time.
Why don't you let me stay in the fortress?
No.72 Brigade, Cui...
Let Zhang Gong Yan throw the rat away.
We'll be worried about you.
Major Chae is right.
I'll leave it to you then.
Jang Gong-yeon.
Young Master.
Open the door.
What happened?
This is my arrangement.
Your arrangement
is to put yourself in prison.
Have you forgotten?
Connect Shangguan Bao.
You're the lead. I'll take over.
If you don't do this,
you won't be able to separate with Choi Moon-Kui.
If I don't leave him,
I won't have a chance to see Shangguan Bao alone.
So,
the superiors will contact Shangguan Bao?
Great!
I can finally complete my mission.
I can go back to the base
in the base.
Calm down.
The war situation is complicated now.
Even after the reorganization,
you still have a lot of work to do.
Master Xi.
Bao, Master asked me to look after Cai Zhen.
Don't worry.
Keep an eye on her.
Shangguan Bao.
You're so stubborn.
You took my men and threatened me.
You don't want your daughter anymore?
You're the one who's unkind.
Don't blame me for being ruthless.
I want to know if a Brigade Commander
for my daughter's life.
Don't try to threaten me.
I, Jang Gong-yeon,
I won't be threatened or tempted.
I won't change him.
Your daughter must be executed.
Brigade Commander Cui.
In order to complete the law,
you have to sacrifice yourself for the country.
I will report to the war zone
and give you a reward.
Since you've decided to kill my daughter,
Brigade Commander Cui is useless.
I'll kill him now.
Jang Gong-yeon.
Jang Gong-yeon!
Are you crazy?
Let me tell you.
You're using your power for personal gains.
for personal revenge.
If
the First Minister Command Center finds out,
You know they will punish you severely.
I always respect the anti-Japanese heroes.
Excuse me.
Madam, if that’s the case,
think carefully.
You have no chips.
I have my own way.
Don't move.
Stay still.
This way. Hurry.
Who is this?
It’s late. What’s the noise?
Bad news, Division Commander.
What’s wrong?
Shangguan Bao is here.
Hang on!
Yes.
Hurry, Young Lady.
Untie me. Yes.
Father.
Eagle, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Go back.
If you're in danger, protect yourself.
Wait.
Aren't you afraid that I'll run away?
I trust you.
Otherwise, you wouldn't have saved me in Shaanxi.
Fine.
Give me a gun.
Don’t worry.
I won’t leave Qinglong Camp before I finish my work.
Let’s go.
Big guy.
Take the villagers to the Hall of Gathering Elegance.
Okay, folks, follow me.
Folks, follow me.
Come with me.
Hurry up.
Get in.
That's him.
He also said
if you don't obey him,
he will kill me.
Boss.
It’s a misunderstanding.
It’s a misunderstanding, boss.
Please spare my life.
When you wanted to kill Eagle,
Do you know what you did wrong?
Boss.
Madam, he can’t die.
If you cut him,
Qinglong Camp will be our enemy.
and fell into war.
I know what you're talking about.
Since you caught Jang Gong-yeon,
I'll give you face.
You’d better stay out of this.
Boss.
Leader.
He’s responsible for the command of the 16th Division.
If he dies,
the defense of the whole city will be in vain.
I'm not pleading for him.
I'm pleading for the people
for the people of Shaanxi.
Boss, I also fight against the Japanese.
Father, we can’t let him go.
Boss.
I’ll teach you a lesson today.
If you dare to do evil again,
this knife is the best gift for you.
Thank you. Thank you for not killing me.
Thank you.
Madam, thank you.
On my way here,
my men told me
there was a fire at Qinglong Fortress.
Father.
Let's go.
He's not dead. He's just in a coma.
Where is that?
It’s the Hall of Gathering Elegance.
Oh no. Master He and his family
They are all there. Let’s go.
Hurry!
Fall back! Fall back!
Baoni. Baoni.
Hurry up, sweetie.
Let's go.
Brothers, let's go.
Baoni. Baoni.
Let's go, sweetie. Get up.
Hurry.
Mr. He, it’s too dangerous here.
Take everyone away. I'll cover you.
Thank you, Miss Cai.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
Guys, hurry up.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
Hurry up, guys.
Go.
Wait. Let's go.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
What's going on?
Brother, it’s good that you’re back.
The enemy attacked Qinglong Fortress.
and killed many of us.
If Chae Jin and Air
came in time,
the consequences will be unimaginable.
Stop talking.
Take some men to hide there.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
The rest of you, follow me.
Let's go.
Are you hurt? No.
It's too dangerous today.
I thought our family
almost died in the gathering hall.
The enemy is too fierce.
and the fortress was caught off guard.
We should thank Cai Zhen.
She really saved our family.
Of course.
Baoni.
No!
What's wrong, sweetie?
Mother.
It's okay. It's okay, sweetie.
I want to save her.
Baoni, I can't save her.
Nini, I can't save her.
It's okay. It's okay.
Nini, it's okay.
Baoni, stop thinking about it.
It's over.
Thank you for saving me.
That's why the villagers survived.
I took Miss Cai as a hostage before.
How embarrassing.
You’re welcome.
It’s the duty of a soldier.
Besides, I didn't do it alone.
We have Brother Xi.
In your opinion,
who ordered these masked men?
Japanese.
Why are you so sure?
Isn’t it obvious?
Communist Party would never do such a thing.
Choi Moon-Kui's independent Brigade wouldn't have done that.
Jang Gong-yeon can do it in public if he wants revenge.
Only the Japanese
do such shameful things.
But why did the Japanese
to attack Qinglong Camp?
Will there be a bigger conspiracy next?
You should be prepared.
Do you know what they are afraid of?
They are afraid of
I stood up and joined forces with the army to fight Japan.
They don't know.
But this kind of behavior made me decide.
Make up your mind?
Brother.
Miss Cai.
Thank goodness you arrived in time during the battle at the Hall of Gathering Elegance.
and saved my family.
I will never forget your kindness.
Mr. He, you're too kind.
How is Ni?
She's asleep.
Scared
He hasn't said a word till now.
If you need anything, you can ask the military doctor to help.
Thank you, Major Chae.
Sit down and talk.
Miss Cai, if there's nothing else,
I have a favour to ask.
Stay here for a few more days.
Give me a chance
to treat Miss Cai again
to make up for my offence.
Thank you, Madam.
Thank you.
That's great.
Stay with Miss Cai these days.
Pass my order.
Miss Cai is my distinguished guest.
No one can neglect her.
Yes.
Thank you, Madam.
How is your family?
After this disaster,
we lost a lot.
We don't have much money
is running out.
It's none of your business.
I have my own way.
Brother.
You can't always use your own money.
This is not a long-term solution.
Unless the legend of three gold mine is true,
Otherwise, I'm afraid I can't pass the Spring Festival.
But these people
have been with us for years.
Give them the money from the accountant
and comfort the wounded families.
But what if we give them all the money?
what about the fortress?
It’s so shabby.
I can't stand the second attack anymore.
So,
I think we should
for the time being.
Take a rest
to avoid trouble.
The Japanese army is approaching the city.
The war in Shanzhou is about to start.
If we stand by and do nothing,
is not done by my man.
Moreover, the Japanese destroyed my home
and killed my brothers.
At this time,
think about the gains and losses?
As long as I’m alive,
I will fight till the end.
Never compromise
Coming.
You’re the Patriarch of Black Tiger Stronghold.
Young Master of Qinglong Camp.
Why are you doing carpentry here?
Stop being sarcastic.
If I offend Shangguan Eagle,
who would want me to take the responsibility?
I
make some windows
for the villagers of Qinglong Camp.
Show some individual heat.
You're so calm.
Find a chance to talk to Shangguan Eagle.
I can't even get one meter closer to her.
let alone talking.
How about I put in a good word for you?
Forget it.
Let her be alone.
Calm down first.
Since you've stayed in the fortress,
let’s talk about the mission first.
The fortress has just settled the chaos.
Shangguan Bao is busy from morning till night.
I can't find the right opportunity.
But it should be soon.
The devil's plan has begun.
We don't have much time.
My personal relationship problem
my personal relationship.
I'll cooperate with you to complete the battle.
I'll seize the opportunity.
Come on, I'll help you with your work.
Okay, you can see the wood first.
Min Ja.
Eagle is here.
How is it?
She's always like this.
She doesn't eat or drink. She just falls asleep.
Baoni.
Sister Eagle is here to see you.
Go ahead. I'll keep her company.
I need to talk to Eagle.
Wake up. Stop sleeping.
Stay with her.
I'll make medicine for her.
Take care.
Nini.
Sister.
You're here. I'm not getting up.
Lie down.
How do you feel?
I've been having nightmares these days.
When I close my eyes,
when I closed my eyes.
I want to save her.
But I can't.
Don't cry.
It's not your fault.
You're still a child. You need protection.
Don't cry.
I'll protect you.
But...
What if you're not here?
Don't think too much.
This was an accident.
What if there is another accident?
Remember, you are my sister.
I will never leave you alone.
Do you trust me?
I trust you.
Go to sleep. I'll be with you.
Autumn Moon.
I haven't visited you for a long time.
There's been a lot of trouble at the fortress lately.
The Japanese took advantage of it
and I couldn't do anything.
I've been stalling.
to visit you.
Fortunately,
I was able to
I just got out of a few major crisis.
Who is she?
who Cai is, right?
Let me tell you.
He is our daughter.
chosen by our daughter.
He's good at fighting.
and quick-witted.
If you saw it,
if you see it.
He has dreams,
and ambitions.
At such a young age,
at a young age.
If our daughter marries him,
to marry him.
How I wish I could
our daughter
put on the wedding dress
and attend their wedding.
You once said
being a swordsman
is not a long-term solution.
I promised you
to go the right way.
Now,
I'm going to
do
a grand event.
to repay the people of Shaanxi.
You will be proud of me.
When I'm done,
I'll bring my daughter and son-in-law
with my daughter and son-in-law.
Let's
wait for that day.
Sir.
All right.
Er Dan, let's go.
Uncle Li.
Uncle Li, come here.
These rice will help you get through the difficulties.
Don't worry.
My father is trying to find a way.
Thank you, Young Lady Zhen Zhu.
I'm leaving.
Don't just stand there. Give me a hand.
Hold it tight.
I'll go find a doorknob.
What?
Explain it.
It's not suitable. Have you found it?
No, I'll find another one.
What about this door?
Put it here.
Don't go.
Uncle Li, I'll help you pack it later.
Okay, no hurry.
Eagle.
Wait.
Why are you following me?
I want to explain it to you again.
I thought I made it clear that day.
I didn't expect you to get more angry.
Did you make it clear?
When I turned around that day,
you were gone.
I came here
for a mission.
I have to admit that.
Love
is out of my plan.
Mission again?
Only missions are the most important, right?
But my feelings for you
is real.
But I'm a warrior.
Missions and emotions.
There's an order in my heart.
I dare not ask for your understanding.
But as you know,
if the war doesn't end,
there will be no stable life.
I think
I think I did nothing wrong.
I can only work with you
even if I'm willing to fight with you,
even if I'm willing to fight with you?
These are two different things.
You're not a soldier. You won't understand.
Aren't you afraid that I won't agree?
you can't complete the mission?
I don't think you're that selfish.
I don't think you're that cold-blooded.
Why do I think
Are you using me
using me?
I know.
what you're saying now is out of anger.
What you want me to do now
what you want me to do.
I apologize and blame myself
for hurting you.
But can't you feel
my sincerity?
What is this?
You said you couldn't find it.
You two work well together.
In your eyes,
Am I that easy to be fooled?
I'm so easy to be used by you.
Eagle, don't follow me.
Darling, get up and have some warm porridge.
Here.
This jade pendant is specially for you.
Don't take it off.
Why are you sweating so much?
I feel bad.
Except that you don't want to eat,
what else do you feel unwell?
I just feel uncomfortable.
I don't know.
No, you need to see a doctor.
Pack up.
I'll take you to the city to see a doctor.
I'll get the car ready.
Ryoko.
Min Ja.
Get the car ready.
Baoni and I are going down the mountain.
The legal executive said
Madam and Miss
don't go down the mountain now.
She's sick. She needs to see a doctor.
It'll be too late if we don't go now.
Listen to me. Get the car ready.
Yes.
Major.
The operation at Qinglong Camp has failed.
We lost a lot in the special class.
That stupid ghost is acting on his own.
and sacrificed the elite of Japan for nothing.
Keep this in mind.
Do you think
will affect our plan?
No.
On the contrary,
it’s a good result of intimidation.
During the attack at Qinglong Fortress,
He Xiaopian should be prepared.
He should know
that the world can't be broken.
But it's time for the appointment.
He Xiaopian still hasn't responded.
This person has always had a fluke fantasy.
He wants to stay away from both sides
and keep fooling around.
It's time
to wake him up and face the reality.
Yes, I know what to do.
Why are you in such a hurry to go back?
Stay on the mountain for a few more days.
I went to Qinglong Fortress
to find Miss Leng.
Now that Miss Leng is back,
Qinglong Fortress is back to normal.
I just want to go back early.
I'm worried that he's up to something.
While we're not in Black Tiger Mountain,
when we're not in Heihu Mountain.
The lives of thousands of people in Black Tiger Mountain
will be in danger.
You’re the second master of Black Tiger Mountain.
Wu Zhen is the Patriarch.
He should be anxious.
Why are you more concerned than him?
Wu Zhen has something to do at Qinglong Fortress.
I've discussed it with him.
I'll go back first.
After he dealt with the conflict with Miss Leng,
he'll come back to take over Black Tiger Mountain.
Okay.
When I see you guys,
I remember
what happened when I was young
when we were young.
I think you guys
will be able to
in the future.
How about this?
Before you leave Qinglong Camp,
I'll let you taste your aunt's cooking.
It's a farewell for you.
Thank you, Master.
Let's go.
Let me tell you.
I've never been tired of
for so many years.
I’m so lucky today.
Meixiang.
Ni.
What’s wrong, Master?
Your aunt and Ni are missing.
Min Ja and Ni might have gone out.
Guards!
Mr. He, what can I do for you?
Where are your aunt and Ni?
They went to the city to see a doctor.
Don't worry. We'll follow them.
Min Ja and Ni are treating patients.
There's no need to rush, Master.
It’s chaotic now.
Even our Qinglong Fortress is heavily guarded
were ambushed.
These two women are outside.
How can I not worry?
Let's go and have a look.
Did you see it clearly?
Yes.
They both went in.
But the most troublesome thing is
there's a bandit behind.
Sister, don't be afraid.
The child is just a little shocked
and caught a cold.
No problem. Don't worry.
I feel much relieved
I feel much relieved.
Take these medicines back.
Remember.
Make three bowls of water into a bowl of water.
Once a day.
Okay.
Okay, thank you, Dr Fei.
You're welcome.
Since we're in the city,
take your kid around
Buy something the kids like
When the child is happy,
he will recover.
Yes, you're right.
Nini, let's go.
Let's buy something nice.
Mother, thank you, Dr Fei.
Let me take it.
You're still sick, Nini.
Let me take it. It's okay.
Nini, pay the bill.
Thank you, Dr Fei.
Nini,
What do you want for fun?
Didn't you want a red-haired rope last time?
Go to the rouge shop. I'll buy it for you.
Mother, forget it.
I don't want to go.
Let's go back.
Come on, they are out.
Why are you going back? Candied haws.
I'll buy you candied haws.
Let's eat together.
Here.
Take the medicine back and get the car ready.
Okay, let's go later. Okay.
Let's go.
They've been walking for a while.
Both of them
Why don't you go back after taking the medicine?
Why are you walking around?
Master.
Min Ja and Ni have brothers following them.
Why are you so anxious?
Nini is still sick.
You don't understand how a father feels.
I'm sorry.
Nini.
Actor table.
Li Qinghong.
and actors.
Li Hongda Yu Guofeng Gong Fan Cheng Kaiyan.
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengseng, Yang Haoyu, Zhao Chaoyang
Yuewang Yang Zi Yi Tian Chenzhe Deng Kaimei Liang Dong
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengchung, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhi Gang Kung.
Wang Jin, Liu Jiawen, Sun Jing, Wang Yukun.
Xu Fu and Wu Jianyu, Zhang Guangyan, Sun Yuanwen. Always.
Yang Tao, Chen Yao, Rui Qian in the jungle competition.
Feng Yonghao, Wei Long, Deng Bao Zen-Oh-sama.
Feng Yonghao, Wei Long, Deng Bao, Zen-Oh-sama.
Liu Hongguo Yang Chenglin
Chen Chen, Cui Weijie
Zhao Jianhao Li Xiaoyan
Chen Weigui, Wang Qinghua, Wang Qingyong
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
Cao Hongwei.
Costume Team.
Team B Costume Assistant, Li Jinli, Feng Xiaohui.
Lee Jin-ri.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Zheng Peng.
The prop team.
Ye Youth.
Set team.
Action team.
Meng Tao.
Fireworks.
Fireworks Yao Jitao.
The firearm team.
Sun Hai.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changchuan
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Jiang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Rong Xi.
Wang Bao Xiang, Su Gao Feng, Liu De Yu, Zhai Yongming, Zou Youwei.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang Changchang.
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Wen Long, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jianping.
Xu Ying Quan, Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng Liu Fu Min.
Cut.
Drama photo, Wu Xiaobo.
behind the scenes, Shin Bae-jin.
[Late production]
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
dubber
Music production
Music production.
Theme song, Hero.
Rex.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
The Steel Jade Association in Shanzhou District
The Jade Association of Shanzhou District.
[Sanmen Mingu Pu Theatre]
The Civilian Committee of Lingbao City
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
Jiangzhou City, Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Legal consultant Zhu Yongpeng.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The Commission of Shanzhou
Commission of Shanzhou
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
Zhongtong County Commission.
The People's Government of Wenji County.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
Sanmen Lanhu City Wetland Park.
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Provincial film and TV Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Yishi Culture.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
Henan Movie Development Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Quan Zhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Zhang Bing will be rewarded first.